---
title: Paper Reading - A silicon neuron
---

+   The electrical behavior of each neuron is determined by combination of voltage- ion- and neurotransmitter-
    sensitive conductances, which control current of various ions across the membrane.

+   Here we use combinations of complementary mental-oxide-semi-conductor (CMOS) circuits, fabricated
    in very-large-scacle integrated (VLSI) technology, to represent the different ion current.

+   This realistic 'neuron' is a considerable departure from neural-net hardware, which implements
    mathematical or engineering abstraction of neurons.

+   Our circuits emulate ion current in neurons of the neocortex which is the principal region of high-level
    processing in the brain.
    +   The nerve impulse itself is generated by a current carried by sodium ions (INA)
    +   and a current carried by potassium ions (IKD)
    +   The rate at which impulses are produced is controlled by two further potassium currents with
        slower dynamics
        +   The so-called A-current (IKA)
        +   and the calcium-dependent potassium current (IAHP).
    +   The activation and inactivation of the membrane conductances that control these currents are
        both time- and voltage-dependent.

+   In the circuits of the silicon neuron, the cell membrane is represented by a fixed capacitor
    and variable leak conductance.

+   The basic principle of these circuits is that the output current of a differential pair is used to
    control a 'conductance' transistor, which represents the membrane conductance of the ion concerend.

+   The maximum value of each 'activation' current is set by the bias transistor associated with
    differential pair.

+   As the 'membrane' voltage applied to the activation transistor of the pair increases with respect
    to the knee voltage, so the activation current increases sigmoidally towards its maximum value.

+   Some ion currents, such as IKD, are not inactivated and so require only an activation signal.
    Others, such as INA, require both activation and in activation subcircuits.

+   The silicon neuron comprises a somatic compartment and a dendritic load whose passive electrical
    characteristics conform to those of a neocortical pyramidal neuron.

+   Instrumentation circuits fabricated on the chip were used to apply external test signals and
    monitor test points.

+   We used test method similar to those used in recording from actual neurons, to facilitate
    comparision of silicon with biological data.

+   When current steps were injected into the silicon neuron, its response was essentially the same
    as that of real neocortical neurons.

+   One minor difference is that the peak of the impulse of the silicon neuron is closer to the
    equilibrium potential for sodium (ENA) than in real neurons because of the deviation from
    ideal behavior noted in Fig. 1. This deviation is quantitative rather than qualitative, and
    its practical effects are minimal.

+   We have shown here that realistic neuronal behavior such as action potentials and adaptation
    can be readily incorporated in hardware that operates in real time and that the resulting
    performance is robust.

+   Unlike existing neural network hardware, the basic circuits of the silicon neuron directly
    emulate biological behavior, rather than interpreting the biology in terms of conventional
    digital or liner design principles.

+   The cost of this realistic behavior is low because the silicon neuron emulates the
    characteristics of the biological system directly in its device physics.

+   The power dissipation of the whole circuit including instrumentation amplifiers is only
    $$60\mu W$$, which compares favourably with the $$500-mW$$ dissipation of a typical
    operational amplifier.

+   The structural and functional details of single silicon neurons can be increased using
    building blocks similar to those described above.

+   The same design principles can be applied to any new ionic currents that might be
    necessary for expressing additional properties of neocortical neuron, or for making
    'neurons' of other brain areas.

+   In principle, the silicon neuron could operate $$\sim 10^{6}$$ times as fast as its
    biological conterpart. We think it important, however,that the dynamics of the biological
    and silicon neurons be well matched, because the silicon neurons will be used to build
    machines that interact with real-world events in the same way as biological nervous
    systems.
